I started my career in IT security after obtaining a B.S. and M.S. in Cognitive Science from UT Dallas. I worked in a Security Operations Center (SOC) for an MSSP monitoring security appliances and performing PCI compliance reporting for about a year before returning to school at SMU Guildhall to pursue a professional certificate in game programming.

Following my graduation from Guildhall, I worked for a startup on a variety of projects, including a multiplayer augmented reality defense-shooter game, automated web application testing via UI and API, and cloud infrastructure codification and deployment of web applications. Near the end of my time at the startup I had developed an interest in broader software development beyond games and how to leverage the cloud.

I obtained my first AWS certification and then, with a background in security and software development, took on a role in security engineering. Since then, I have continued to work in both Azure and AWS, supporting teams in deploying secure cloud infrastructure and monitoring and maintaining the security posture of existing infrastructure.

I am currently an individual contributor (IC) but have also held both lead and managerial roles in security engineering. My primary passion is learning new technologies and techniques and applying them to securely meet business needs. I enjoy sharing knowledge with others via teaching, knowledge sessions, and mentorships, and I am experienced with security monitoring, testing, controls, and response, cloud technologies, automation, and writing, debugging, and deploying code.
